concepts/versioning.mdx, before:

---
title: "API Versioning"
description: "RFQ Protocol API versions"
---

The RFQ Protocol uses semantic versioning for its API.

## Current Version

| Version | Protocol | Fill Type | Status |
|---------|----------|-----------|--------|
| **v1** | REST API | Full fills only | **Live** |

## v1 (Current)

Version 1 is the current production API:

- **REST API** - All endpoints use HTTP/HTTPS
- **Full fills only** - Orders must be completely filled or they fail
- Synchronous request/response pattern
- JSON payloads
- Standardized error responses with error codes
- Request ID tracing

### Endpoints

```
GET  /api/v1/config
GET  /api/v1/markets
GET  /api/v1/quote
POST /api/v1/intent
GET  /api/v1/health
```

### Response Format

All v1 responses follow a consistent format:

**Success Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  // endpoint-specific fields at top level
  "quote_id": "rfq-q-...",
  "amount_in": "1000000000000000000",
  "amount_out": "498500000000000000"
}
```

**Error Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "error",
  "error": "Human readable message",
  "code": "ERROR_CODE",
  "details": { /* optional validation details */ }
}
```

See [Error Codes](/concepts/error-codes) for the complete error reference.

## v2 (Coming Soon)

<Warning>
  v2 features are in planning and development. The API design is not yet finalized.
</Warning>

Future features under consideration:
- **WebSocket streaming** - Real-time price updates
- **Partial fills** - Large orders filled by multiple solvers

More details will be announced when v2 is ready for preview.

Commit message:

Updated docs for solver integration for wss

concepts/versioning.mdx, after:

---
title: "API Versioning"
description: "RFQ Protocol API versions"
---

The RFQ Protocol uses semantic versioning for its API.

## Current Version

| Version | Protocol | Fill Type | Status |
|---------|----------|-----------|--------|
| **v1** | REST API + WebSocket (WSS) | Full fills only | **Live** |

## v1 (Current)

Version 1 is the current production API:

- **REST API** - Public-facing endpoints use HTTP/HTTPS with JSON payloads
- **WebSocket (WSS)** - Server-to-solver communication using raw WebSocket (RFC 6455) with MessagePack binary serialization
- **Full fills only** - Orders must be completely filled or they fail
- Standardized error responses with error codes
- Request ID tracing

### Public API Endpoints (HTTP)

```
GET  /api/v1/config
GET  /api/v1/markets
GET  /api/v1/quote
POST /api/v1/intent
GET  /api/v1/health
```

### Solver Connection (WSS)

Solvers can connect to the server via WebSocket for real-time communication:

```
WSS /api/v2/solver-stream
```

The WSS transport supports the same operations as the REST API (markets, quotes, intents) using MessagePack-encoded binary frames. See the [Solver Integration Guide](/solver/integration-guide) for details.

### Response Format

All v1 responses follow a consistent format:

**Success Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  // endpoint-specific fields at top level
  "quote_id": "rfq-q-...",
  "amount_in": "1000000000000000000",
  "amount_out": "498500000000000000"
}
```

**Error Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "error",
  "error": "Human readable message",
  "code": "ERROR_CODE",
  "details": { /* optional validation details */ }
}
```

See [Error Codes](/concepts/error-codes) for the complete error reference.

## Future Considerations

Future features under consideration:
- **Partial fills** - Large orders filled by multiple solvers
- **TTL per market** - Per-market quote expiry based on volatility
